
      -----------------------------
      RAINYCHVILLE TERMS OF SERVICE
      -----------------------------


      Last updated: January 6, 2022


Preamble

    Rainychville is the Discord server of Rainych Ran. This document serves
    as a general reference to Rainych Law and it's provisions. Combined, as
    of June 1, 2021, the full text of Rainychville law currently adds up to
    829.1 billion pages.

    In addition to this Rainych Law reference, there are other documents
    written by Rainychville moderation staff.

    Unofficial | Rainych Law Reference    | ECIR12.1.355.1 |
    Official   | Server Shop Matters      | ECIR12.1.355.2 |
    Official   | Server Trophy Rules      | ECIR12.1.355.3 |
    Official   | Trakteer Patronage Rules | ECIR12.1.355.4 |

    Server Shop law in this document: § 1014
    Trakteer Patronage law in this document: §2007

TITLE I. DISCORD SERVER

    § 1000. Scope

        1000.1. The terms in this document apply to the Discord
        server known as "Rainychville".

        1000.2. If you choose to machine-translate this law document into
        other languages, the machine-translated document should only be used
        as a general reference and not used to actually enforce the law.

        1000.3. If there is a difference in meaning between this English
        version and a machine-translated version, the English version takes
        precedence.

    § 1001. Access to Rainychville.

        1001.1. Rainychville may be accessed at any time by logging onto
        your Discord account proven that you are not currently banned from
        the Server.

        1001.2. If you are not in possession of a Discord account, you may
        create one if you are above the age of 13 or the minimum age set by
        Discord for other countries and otherwise compliant with the Discord
        Terms of Service, and then proceed to access Rainychville by clicking
        on the link: "https://discord.gg/rainychville".

    § 1002. Disclaimer

        1002.1. THIS IS NOT THE LEGALLY BINDING VERSION OF RAINYCHVILLE LAW.
        REFER TO THE #RULES-AND-GUIDELINES CHANNEL FOR THE LEGALLY BINDING
        RULES.

        1002.2. IN THE EVENT OF DIFFERENCE IN MEANING BETWEEN THIS VERSION
        AND THE #RULES-AND-GUIDELINES, THE #RULES-AND-GUIDELINES VERSION
        ](COPYPASTED IN §1017) TAKES PRECEDENCE.

        1002.3. THIS IS A PARODY OF THE BORING TERMS AND CONDITIONS THAT MOST
        COMPANIES TELL YOU TO READ WHEN YOU SIGN UP FOR AN ACCOUNT ON A
        WEBSITE, AUTHORED COMPLETELY BY AN UNKNOWN PERSON UNDER THE PSEUDONYM
        "RandomFan#3511" ON THE CHAT & VOIP SERVICE KNOWN AS "DISCORD".

        1002.4. YOU HAVE NO LEGAL OBLIGATION TO COMPLY WITH EITHER OF THE TWO
        VERSIONS OF THE RULES BUT THE MODERATORS OR ADMINS CAN STILL BAN
        YOU IF YOU DON’T FOLLOW THE OFFICIAL RULES (NOT THIS PARODY).
        
        1002.5. RANDOMFAN#3511 IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY MODERATION ACTIONS
        HANDED OUT BY COMPLYING WITH THIS PARODY VERSION'S RULES AND NOT
        THE VERBATIM COPY OF THE ACTUAL SERVER RULES IN §1017 NOR THE RULES
        STATED IN THE #RULES-AND-GUIDELINES CHANNEL.

    § 1003. Moderation and punishment.

        1003.1. All users of the Rainychville discord must be at least 13
        years or the minimum age to use Discord in their country or older,
        in compliance with the Terms of Service of Discord, the website
        where Rainychville resides.

        1003.2. You must comply with the Discord Terms of Service and
        Community Guidelines and acknowledge that Discord can change both
        documents at anytime, with or without telling anyone.

        1003.3. Rainych Ran is the supreme authority on the governance and
        administration of Rainychville. Her decisions will at all times
        override those of the Moderation Team.

        1003.4. The Moderation Team reserve the right at any time with or
        without notice to ban or implement restrictions on your use of the
        Rainychville Discord.

        1003.5. The Server is a Drama-free communication zone. Material
        criticising, discussing or whose subject matter is clearly a
        moderation action should remain between the recipient of the
        moderation action and the Moderation Team. Communicating this
        material in public warrants additional punishments or Moderation
        Actions from the Moderation Team.

        1003.6. Gaius Cicereius#3705 acts as the primary messenger of
        information regarding Moderation Actions and therefore DMs from
        the server shall be configured to be Accepted to allow the
        Moderation Team to reliably transmit and inform users of Moderation
        Actions taken in response to their infractions or violations of
        Rainychville law.

    § 1004. Pinging of Rainych outside of non-Patreon channels.

        1004.1. A ping of Rainych is defined as any action that may result
        in an auditory, visual, or audiovisual notification on one of
        Rainych Ran's personal devices that either cause her to be distracted
        or have the possibility of causing such a distraction, regardless of
        the nature of the distraction or the event that the distraction is
        attempting to bring Rainych's attention to.

        1004.2. Patreon channels are defined as channels where only 
        Patrons who have made a monetary pledge to Rainych Ran are allowed
        to view, interact with, or send messages in.

        1004.3. Pinging of Rainych must not take place outside of 
        Patreon Channels. Patreons shall exercise due diligence at
        all times to avoid an excess of pings directed at Rainych Ran.

        1004.4. An "Unauthorized Ping" shall be defined as a ping of
        Rainych that is either unnecessary, unwanted, or otherwise
        undesirable to the general Community, the Moderation Team, or
        Rainych herself.

        1004.5. The Moderation Team of Rainychville shall exert the 
        ultimate authority on moderation actions taken in the event of
        an Unauthorized Ping or any other action that constitutes such an
        Unauthorized Ping.

    § 1005. Restrictions on toxic behavior.

        1005.1. Trolling, the act of intentionally causing emotional
        conflict or inciting flame wars shall not be allowed on the
        Rainychville discord.

        1005.2. Immature behavior shall not be tolerated. Immature
        behavior consists, but is not limited to:

            a. Typing and grammatical errors indistinguishable from
               that of a minor below the age of 13.

            b. Acting on the server in a manner that closely
               resembles an under-13 minor.

        1005.3. No offensive content shall be transmitted in any channel
        of the Rainychville discord server, via image channels or text.

        1005.4. An "image channel" is defined as an image publicly visible
        to users in the Rainychville discord server, such as Discord profile
        images, or photographic attachments transmitted in the public hall.

        1005.5. Any content posted in any channel may not:

            a. Incorporate any elements considered by the community to
               warrant the designation of "NSFW".

            b. Be pornographic in nature.

            c. Incorporate excessive violence or gore,

            d. or have content promoting or depicting self-harm.

        1005.6. The server staff must be respected at all times and must be
        allowed to execute their duty to protect and run the server without
        too much difficulty stemming from the user base.

        1005.7. You shall not repeatedly transmit content that is identical
        or very similar to previous instances of said content in rapid
        succession in any channel of the Rainychville discord.

    § 1006. Doxxing

        1006.1. No member of the server shall engage in the act of doxxing,
        which is the transmission, sharing, leaking, or communication of a
        member's personally identifiable information without the member's
        express consent.

        1006.2. Personally identifiable information in the case of the
        Rainychville discord server constitutes:

            1. A first and last name;

            2. A home or other physical address including street name and
            name of a city or town;

            3. A telephone number;

            4. A Social Security number;

            5. A persistent identifier that can be used to recognize a user
            over time and across different Web sites or online services.
            Such persistent identifier includes, but is not limited to, a
            customer number held in a cookie, an Internet Protocol (IP)
            address, a processor or device serial number, or unique device
            identifier;

            6. A photograph, video, or audio file where such file contains a 
            member's image or voice;

            7. and geolocation information sufficient to identify street name
            and name of a city or town.

        1006.3. Any person engaging in doxxing activity shall have their
        rights to use the Server's services revoked upon attainment of
        sufficient reliable evidence to support this ban.

    § 1007. Unwanted commercial/promotional content

        1007.1. No member of the Rainychville discord may not with
        promotional, sales-oriented or any purpose considered "spammy",
        transmit promotional material or material that encourages users
        reading it to either:

            (1) Join 3rd party Discord servers unaffiliated with Rainychville
                itself;

            (2) Watch a video or livestream outside of Rainychville's existing
                stream channels such as on YouTube, Vimeo, or other similar
                videosharing service except for instances when the intent is
                clearly to educate or inform (such as a link to a documentary
                about Rainych);
      
            (3) View material posted on a social media service outside of
                Rainychville;

            (4) Or link to actual spam promotional material that encourages
                it's viewer to purchase a product or service using real-life
                currency.

        1007.2. Anyone wishing to transmit an external link to content that
        the external link’s poster owns or exerts significant control over,
        should seek permission from the Moderation Team of Rainychville.

        1007.3. Users that receive material that violates 1007.1 via private
        messages who wish to report it to the moderation team must do so via
        private message.

    § 1008. Language.

        1008.1. In all channels of the Rainychville discord except the
        channels designated for Indonesian and Malay, the only language
        permitted to be spoken is the English language. Indonesian and
        Malay languages are permitted only in their respective channels.

        1008.2. Anyone who does not speak the above 3 languages should be
        given recommendations to use machine translation services or learn
        any of the 3 languages.

    § 1009. Impersonation.

        1009.1. Discord names and profiles must be distinctive enough to
        prevent confusion with a Moderation Team member, Rainych, or any
        other user.

        1009.2. Regardless of intent, any intentional impersonation will
        result in an immediate server ban.

    § 1010. Enjoyment of Rainych music.

        1010.1. Rainych Ran shall hold the sole rights to her voice and
        personality at all times with no exception and may at any time reject
        song suggestions from Ministers.

        1010.2. RandomFan#3511 is one of Rainych Ran's 1.5 million subscribers
        across the world and beyond, and will not take responsibility for any
        legal action taken against you should you decide to play Rainych music
        in your neighbourhood at a volume high enough to cause distress in the
        ears of neighbours or to constitute violation of local noise
        restrictions.

        1010.3. You are solely responsible for any adverse effects you may
        experience while listening to Rainych or watching any of her music
        videos including but not limited to epileptic seizures caused by
        strobing, eye damage or blindness from blinding lights, high-pitched
        noises causing distress to the ears, occult monsters or demons spawned
        via the accidental performance of a ritual while attempting to
        recreate her singing, physical damage to the vocal cords or social
        humiliation caused by distortion of your voice while attempting to
        recreate the singing voice of Rainych Ran.

        1010.4. If your country or jurisdiction imposes restrictions on the
        use or enjoyment of Rainych music, you are obliged to either leave
        said country or jurisdiction or deal with it and comply.

        1010.5. RandomFan#3511 is not obliged to provide the necessary tools
        to combat occult monsters/demons that were summoned accidentally as
        part of an attempt to recreate her singing voice such as:

            a). salt;
            b). holy water;
            c). priest service;

        and that RandomFan#3511 may or may not assist in combat with occult
        monsters/demons, or take legal accountability in court for property
        damages, loss of life, acts of God (natural disasters), backlash
        from local pastors, strict Christian parents or violations of law
        that are a direct result of occult combat.

    § 1011. Criticism of Rainych Ran.

        1011.1. You agree that all criticism of Rainych Ran that you transmit
        or communicate publicly will be constructive, respectful, and not ad
        hominem. You also agree that the mods may ban or restrict your use of
        the Services at any time should they uncover sufficient evidence of
        violations.

        1011.2. You must not transmit, manufacture, design, or otherwise bring
        into existence any factually inaccurate defamatory material regarding
        Rainych Ran.

    § 1012. Meme restrictions

        1012.1. You may post no more than 30 memes daily. You must not spam
        the public hall of Rainychville with memes unrelated to Rainychville.

        1012.2. You must cease the posting of images if you are instructed by
        the Moderation Team to do so.

        1012.3. If the content of your meme relates to Rainychville you are to
        post it in the RV Memes channel.

        1012.4. All memes posted in the RV Memes channel must be related to
        Rainychville or be relevant to any element of the server's community,
        culture, or the server itself.

    § 1013. Rainychville events.

        1013.1. Rainychville events are sometimes hosted by moderators. This
        can include movie screenings, game tournaments, special streams, April
        Fools events, etc.

        1013.2. You have the right to participate in all Rainychville events
        so long as you do not violate any provisions of this law intentionally
        or unintentionally. You also grant the Moderation Team the irrevocable
        right to permanently or temporarily bar you from participating in
        Rainychville events for any reason whether rational or irrational
        from your perspective.

        1013.3. You also agree that you will participate in events you choose
        to join in a manner that does not violate any IRL curfew, law,
        restriction, or any provision of this Terms and Conditions document.

    § 1014. Server shop and trophy roles.

        1014.1. All server shop transactions are done using Tatsu Points.
        Therefore, to use the Tatsu shop, you must agree to the terms of
        service of Tatsu to purchase from the Store. There are several
        items available for purchase and you agree that the Moderation Team
        or Rainych can revoke, change the price of, or add new items to the
        store at any time with or without notice.

        1014.2. You agree that for any reason at any time items and perks you
        own or purchase with Tatsu Points may be taken away from you by
        Rainych or the Moderation Team for any reason with or without notice.

        1014.3. By purchasing anything from the Server Shop, you agree that
        you will permanently lose the right to request a refund for that item
        unless decided otherwise by Rainych or the Moderation Team.

    § 1015. Channel-specific rules

        1015.1. *Merged into 1020.2 on 2023-04-12*

        1015.2. *Merged into 1020.2 on 2023-04-12*

        1015.3. *Moved to 1012.4 on 2023-04-12*

    § 1016. Copyright

        1016.1. By sending messages in Rainychville you grant Rainychville
        and Discord a worldwide, royalty-free, irrevocable, sub-licensable,
        eternally-lasting License to display, transmit, publish, prepare
        derivative works or otherwise modify your messages at any time. You
        retain the copyright to your work. § 1016.1 is only necessary for us
        to be able to host the messages you post so that others can see it.
        We only need permission to show it to others, that is all.
         
        1016.2. You must not infringe upon any intellectual property rights
        if you post any content to Rainychville, unless you are sure that it
        is fair use under the Digital Millenium Copyright Act in the United
        States of America.

    § 1017. Copy-pasted text of the actual rules of the Rainychville
    Discord server.

        Accurate May 16, 2021. Written by the Rainychville Moderation Team.

        Do Not Ping Rainych
            Pinging Rainych outside of Patreon exclusive channels is
            prohibited. This is to prevent excess spam of pings for her.

            Whilst pinging Rainych in Patreon exclusive channel is okay,
            please do not ping her unnecessarily as it will result in a
            moderation action.

        No Toxic Attitudes
            Trolling, hostility, slurs, immature, or derogatory behavior
            Submission of offensive content
            Flaming, Inciting or Engaging in drama
            Disrespecting the Server Staff

        No Pornographic or NSFW Content
            Dissemination of NSFW/Offensive content in any form is prohibited
            in all chats. This includes, but is not limited to excessive
            gore/extreme violence, content related to self-harm or harming
            others, pornography, or excessively sexual content.

            This rule also applies to Discord profiles.

            If you are unsure if your content breaks these guidelines, please
            privately ask a moderator to review before posting it on the
            server.
            
        No Spamming
            Spamming is considered an act of ill will towards the people on
            the server and will be dealt with quickly.

                - Submission of memes or pictures that are repeated (not
                  necessarily the same), that doesn't instigate a real
                  discussion, and/or those that benefit only the poster
                - Usage of copypasta
                - Repeatedly posting only emojis or words/statements all in
                  caps
                - Repeatedly breaking sentences for a few words
                - Sending the same message in more than one channel for
                  personal benefit

        Doxing
            Posting private information of any member is strictly prohibited
            on the server. Encouraging or participating in this activity will
            result in an immediate ban.

        Advertisement
            This includes other Discord servers, streams, videos, social
            media, etc. If you feel that there is something you would like
            to post here that links to something that you own, please ask a
            moderator or administrator first.
            
            If you receive any form of advertising from members of this
            server, please report it to a server staff member privately.

        No Impersonation
            This includes impersonation even without malicious intent.

        Converse Only in English
            English is the primary language of the server. However, you may
            chat in Indonesian and Malay in their respective channel after
            assigning a role to yourself from #� ┃select-language.

        Anything not abiding by these is subject to removal at the Moderators'
        own discretion without warning.

        We also strictly abide by the Discord Community Guidelines, and
        Discord ToS.

        Punishment for breaking the rules may range from a verbal warning up
        to and including a permanent server ban. The type and severity of
        punishment will depend on the frequency and severity with which a
        user breaks the rules of the server.

        Users with questions or concerns about a moderation action taken
        against them or with a specific member of the staff team should
        discuss it with one of the staff member's superiors privately.

        This server is a drama-free zone and airing these grievances in
        public may result in additional moderation action.

        Gaius Cicereius#3705 will be our medium of moderation actions.
        Please be sure that you have the messages enabled to receive
        from the server members, as anyone that cannot receive messages
        from the Gaius bot may not be warned about moderation actions. The
        server staff is not held responsible if any user has prevented
        themselves from receiving communications about their infractions.

        The moderators and administrators of this server have the final
        authority in how the rules are enforced. Any attempt to evade
        punishment dealt out by server staff will result in an instant
        ban from the server.

    § 1018. Gathering data using automated programs.

        1018.1. By using the Rainychville services you agree that if you are
        not a moderator, administrator, or in a position of power, trust, or
        authority, you will not, via the use of any automated tool, service,
        or by use of human labor, attempt to make available on any of your
        data storage devices, in any machine, human, or program-readable
        format any data on:

            a. user interactions in any channel of the server;

            b. profile information of members;

            c. and the gaming activities of members.

        1018.2. With the exception of the Discord client, or any third-party
        tool endorsed for use by Discord or members of the Rainychville
        Discord, you shall not use any automated tool to access in any
        machine, human, or program-readable format any data defined in 1018.1.

    § 1019. Spelling of server's name.

        1019.1. The server's name shall be spelled as 'Rainychville' with a
        lowercase 'v'.

            SPELLING                 Acceptable?

            Rainychville             Yes
            RainychVille             No

        1019.2. Unless in cases where Rainych Ran spells the name of the
        server differently in any highly visible context such as an
        announcement, written statement or otherwise, the spelling rules put
        forth in 1019.1 shall be abided to with no exception.

        1019.3. Acceptable server abbreviations are listed in the following
        table.

                             Preferred         Acceptable
            Letters          Abbreviation      Abbreviation

            2                RV                  N/A
            3                RVL                 N/A
            4                RVLE                N/A

        1019.4. Abbreviations laid out in 1019.3 shall be abided to with no
        exception in the writing of official Rainychville government
        documents. Any erroneous abbreviations in documents written before
        the passage of this section of the TOS are considered grandfathered
        and exempt, but these erroneous abbreviations should be replaced
        with approved ones whether possible.

        1019.5. On any spelling tests administered in schools within the
        jurisdiction of Rainychville, any  spellingof the server name that
        spell the 'v' as uppercase must	penalize the grade by no less than
        30% of the total points or other scoring system used by the school.

        1019.6. Where possible, the following regular expression should be
        used to detect instances of the  server's name:

            Rainych(v|V)ille

            where (v|V) is a capturing group to either match Rainychville or
            RainychVille.

    § 1020. Language restrictions.

        1020.1. The three working languages of the server shall be English,
        Malay, and Indonesian. English shall be the primary language.
        
        1020.2. Malay and Indonesian shall be spoken only in their designated
        channels. 

TITLE II. SIMPING FOR RAINYCH

    § 2000. Appropriate conversation with Rainych.

        2000.1. You are to refer to or otherwise greet or converse with
        Rainych in a way that is respectful, kind, that is not in a manner
        that is obscene or frowned upon by Rainych, the Islamic god commonly
        known as "Allah", or the general Muslim community at large, or in
        the case of criticism, is not in a manner that is unconstructive,
        defamatory, or communicated with derogatory intent, or be in a manner
        that can be construed as cyberbullying illegal under U.S laws.

        2001.2. You must not violate any portion of this Act during
        conversation with Rainych.

        2001.3. You must converse with Rainych in a way that does not waste
        her time, does nor negatively influence her, and does not hinder her
        capability to engage in the production of music.

    § 2001. Fanboying/fangirling Rainych and general sasaeng treatment of
            Rainych.

        2001.1. Sasaeng meaning "private life" is a Korean term used to
        describe fans who are obsessively involved in the private details
        of their favorite K-pop idol or other celebrity. In this T&Cs
        document, it is used to describe obssesive behavior. Due to the
        derogatory nature of "Sasaeng", the document shall instead use
        the neutral term "Obsessive fan behavior" or OFB. General aspects
        of sasaeng/OFB behavior include:
        
            a. Attempting to attain the personally identifying information
            of Rainych, of which types of information constituted as PII
            detailed in the list in § 1006.2 that has not been made public
            by Rainych or is obscure to an extent where the Moderation Team
            would consider it doxxing,

            b. Continually making comments regarding various aspects of
            Rainych Ran at a frequency that can be construed as OFB, or
            are obscene or otherwise frowned upon by the normal Rainych
            fanbase,

            c. Attempting to remain physically close to Rainych by stalking
            her or performing actions which violate § 1006,

            d. Continually making remarks or requests towards Rainych for
            marriage or similar actions (refer to § 2008),

            e. Performing actions that can be construed as the
            borderline-pathological form of Celebrity Worship Syndrome such as:

                i. Licking toilets or general sanitation equipment (e.g sinks,
                toilets, shower head) that Rainych has used,

                ii. Or any other behavior that can be construed as a symptom
                of borderline-pathological Celebrity Worship Syndrome.

        2001.2. You shall not exhibit OFB to an extent that may inflict
        physical or emotional harm to Rainych, the general public, or the
        general Rainych fanbase at large. You may not attempt to gather her
        personal information that she has not made public as defined in
        § 1006.

        Example of a § 2001.2 violation:

            Sasaeng taxis are types of vehicles that aggressively pursue the
            motor transport vehicles of  celebrities, often violating traffic
            laws. Recklessly driving to attend a future hypothetical  Rainych
            concert has the risk of causing a car accident which may cause a
            loss of life to other  people which constitutes harm to the
            general public.

        2001.3. If by any means you have the personal information of Rainych,
        you must make an effort to forget such information. You must not
        share it on the Rainychville discord under any circumstances. You
        also agree that if you post the information on sites outside
        Rainychville, the moderators of that Site have the right to ban you
        as outlined in their Terms & Conditions, if any.

        2001.4. If you exhibit OFB, you agree by using Rainychville that you
        will be solely responsible for seeking out therapy service or
        psychological treatment to remove or prevent you from exhibiting OFB.
        You have the right to ask Rainychville for help but it should not
        burden the server excessively.

    § 2002. Financial responsibility.

        2002.1. We are not responsible for any financial crisis brought upon
        you should you spend copious amounts of money on Rainych, such as
        purchasing Minister, purchasing merch in excessive amounts, or making
        excessively large donations.

        2002.2. You shall not commit any financial crime to seek out
        additional funding to continue donating or monetarily supporting
        Rainych Ran.

    § 2003. Worship of Rainych Ran.

        2003.1. Under the freedom of religion, you retain any and all right to
        worship Rainych Ran as if She was a divine goddess. You retain the
        right to build monuments and temples in honor of Rainych Ran, if you
        have the necessary building permits.

        2003.2. We are not responsible if your worship of Rainych results in
        the application of several divine punishments to you such as being
        possessed by Satan, being sent to hell or it's equivalent in your
        religion, being thrown into a cage full of tigers that will actually
        maul you (based on a true story), or other negative phenomena.

        2003.3. You also agree that by worshipping Rainych, you will not:

           a. engage in the sacrifice of humans which is illegal in most
           jurisdictions & countries;

           b. perform any ritual in a way that breaks the real-life laws of
           your jurisdiction;

           c. exhibit OFB in a manner violating § 2001.2;

           d. inflict bodily or property harm unto any other person;

           e. or break any law or statute.

        2003.4. You also agree that if you choose to build a monument or
        temple or miscellaneous type of religious building in honor of
        Rainych, that you and any affiliated third parties will be solely
        responsible for attaining the materials, labor, building permits,
        planning permissions, and complying with any other legal requirements.

    § 2004. Stan/simp behavior.

        2004.1. You may stan Rainych if you so choose, but you must not
        violate the T&Cs while doing so.

        2004.2. Rainychville is not responsible for legal or bodily damage
        caused by such behavior (e.g driving off a bridge because Rainych
        didn't write back to you, or a loss of social status if your
        classmates in high school (if you have any) find out that you are
        simping for Rainych, and therefore any bodily damage (e.g getting
        beaten up by a bully).

    § 2005. Patience minimum for Rainych entry into your voice
    channel.

        2005.1. You must exhibit a degree of patience while awaiting Rainych
        entry into a voice chat.

        2005.2. In circumstances where Rainych is actively producing a new
        cover, you must wait until Rainych either takes a break from producing
        said cover or finishes it and prepares it for release before you can
        get Rainych to enter your VC.

        2005.3. In the event that you squeal too loudly when Rainych enters,
        the Moderation Team reserves the right to mute you or even deafen you
        if they want.

        2005.4. Rainych is a Muslim. When her religion requires her to pray
        or perform any other religious activity preventing her from entering
        into your voice channels, you must wait for Rainych to complete said
        religious actions before you expect her to enter your voice chat.

    § 2006. Purchasing a rank on Rainych Ran's Patreon page.

        2006.1. You must comply with the terms of service of Patreon and your
        payment processor if you choose to purchase a rank on Rainych Ran's
        Patreon page.

        2006.2. You are advised not to neglect any other part of your life
        economically to pledge to Rainych Ran, including but not limited to
        mortgages, car payments, house payments, insurance payments, taxes,
        family, children, electric bill, water bill, internet bill, or any
        other service essential to continued human survival.

        2006.3. You must not pay for the rank in a manner that is fraudulent
        and you must not use money illicitly earned and laundered through
        several means.

        2006.4. Any money spent on Patreon ranks may or may not be refunded.
        This is entirely at the collective discretion of your payment
        processor, the Moderation Team, Rainych, and Patreon.

        2006.5. Rainych, as the supreme authority of the Rainychville Discord,
        reserves the right to bar you permanently or temporarily from the
        purchase of a rank and if such restrictions are imposed on you, you
        agree to comply with such and that you will make no attempt to evade
        or get around this ban via any means.

            ------------------------
            | Rank     | Price     |
            -----------#------------
            | Citizen  | $1/month  |
            | Warrior  | $5/month  |
            | Elite    | $10/month |
            | Minister | $20/month |
            ------------------------

    § 2007. Trakteer patronage.

        2007.1. All content on Trakteer is written only in Bahasa Indonesia.
        Trakteer shall serve as a second way to acquire the Citizen and
        Warrior ranks aside from Patreon.

        2007.2. You must DM ChezBoi#4384 to request your roles when you have
        successfully paid for any of these perks.

			2007.2.1. Spongy#0001 was the old manager until 26 July 2022.
        
        2007.3. Rainych and the Moderation Team have the right, at anytime,
        to suspend permanently or temporarily your ability or access to
        purchase these roles for any reason.

    § 2008. Requests to Rainych Ran for marriage.

        2008.1. You must exercise caution in asking Rainych to marry you,
        jokingly. Any serious attempts to marry Rainych may result in
        Moderation Actions or a loss of social status by being accused of
        being "creepy".

        2008.2. You have been imbued with the knowledge that as of
        June 1, 2021, Rainych is single and not engaged yet. You must not act
        on this knowledge in a way that violates this Law.

        2008.3. Any attempts to seriously marry Rainych Ran without her
        express written permission by force, coercion, or other method where
        she does not consent, shall be punished by a permanent ban from the
        server and any other punishments applicable depending on the crimes
        committed in the execution of this attempt.
         
    § 2009. Medical events caused by Rainych.

        2009.1. Rainychville is not responsible for any bodily harm caused by
        Rainych acknowledging you, such as your heartrate rising to dangerous
        levels when Rainych is typing in the public hall, or passing out from
        the shock and awe of getting one of your YouTube comments hearted by
        Rainych Ran.

        2009.2. You or people closely associated to you will be solely
        responsible for seeking out medical care in the event that a medical
        event occurs.

        2009.3. If you experience any seizure or health problem while using
        Rainychville, immediately log off but do not leave Rainychville and
        return only when the health problem has subsided. Rainychville is
        not responsible for any loss of life stemming from negligence.
  
        2009.4. You are solely responsible for arranging claims with your
        insurance provider in the event your medical bill reaches $25,000
        for a simple cold or any Medical Event.

    § 2010. Pokimane.

        2010.1. You must ensure that all of your Pokimane-related activities 
        will not conflict with the interests and desires of Rainych, the
        Moderation Team, or the general Rainychville community at-large.
        
        2010.2. You must disclose when you are ready, the reason why you keep
        on simping for Pokimane.

        2010.3: In the event that you choose to spend the money you've been
        saving on Pokimane donations instead of Rainychville Minister, you
        will be considered to have had commited a severe financial crime.

    § 2011. Twitch streamers.

        2011.1. Twitch streamers unaffiliated with the general Rainychville
        community at-large shall not be donated to if donation money would
        prevent the acquisition of a month of Rainychville Minister or
        otherwise prevent Rainych from earning any money and therefore
        impeding her capability to produce more covers.

        2011.2. Unless an unanimous vote is recieved from the Rainychville
        council and the entire community  in a referendum where offender is
        not allowed to vote, the Rainychville government shall have the
        authority to inspect the bank accounts or any other method of
        storing money used by the offender to ensure compliance with § 2011
        and that money meant for donation to Rainych is not being redirected
        to any other streamer, where the offender is defined as any person
        who is suspected of rerouting donation money meant for Rainych to any
        Twitch streamer unaffiliated with the general Rainychville community
        at-large.

        2011.3. If it is proven, by circumstancial evidence, confession, or
        other means that are permissible and do not violate the constitution
        or other similar legal document of the suspect's country that
        provision § 2011.1 has been violated, the offender responsible for
        such a violation may be subject to any punishment at the discretion
        of the Rainychville Council or any other governmental authority with
        similar powers.

    § 2012. Rainych-related paraphernalia.

        2012.1. Under no circumstances shall anyone within the applicable
        jurisdiction of Rainychville, in any shape or form, via any method,
        apply, make visible, manufacture, modify, distribute, or otherwise
        propagate any "Rainych body pillow" or RBP, where an RBP is defined
        as any pillow wherein any image of Rainych Ran or any similar image
        that implies that the person depicted is Rainych, is embossed,
        painted, applied, or by any other means permanently, or for any
        period of time sufficient enough, affixed to a "pillow".

        2012.2. Any Rainych symbol, such as the logos, the YouTube channel
        banner, or any other art or visuals produced by Rainych may be affixed
        onto any item, proven it is appropriate, that the item will not be
        used to commit a crime of any kind, and that it will not be used to
        perform or otherwise expedite or aid the process of performing any
        crime or undesirable action, including but not limited to: sacrifice
        of any human or  sapient/sentient lifeform to any percieved entity
        worshipped or revered in manners similar to cults,  religions, or new
        religious movements, murder of any kind, vandalism of buildings,
        streets, walls, vehicles or  similar constructs, spamming of forums,
        comment sections, or any online community with images of Rainych.

TITLE III. MISCELLANEOUS

    § 3000. Jurisdiction

        3000.1. The Jurisdiction where these laws apply is the Rainychville
        Discord Server and the collective Rainych Psychosphere covering all
        Rainych-related brain activity such as thoughts, fantasies, ideas,
        and dreams, and Rainych Ran's tangible IRL assets such as her house,
        car (if any), Mac computer and intangible assets such as her mind,
        collectively termed the "Rainych Space". However:

            i. Rainych Ran’s house, where ever in Indonesia it may be, is
            under the jurisdiction of the IRL Indonesian government. In the
            event any of these provisions conflict with Indonesian law, the
            Indonesian law will take precedent.
            
            ii. Rainych Ran's house falls under the Rainych Space and is a
            legal grey area wirh respect to this law, since there is
            opportunity for these laws to conflict.

            iii. Rainych, as the owner of her house, has the right to render
            this law unenforceable in her house at any time because she said
            so.

        3000.2. You are solely responsible for any criminal charges you may
        incur by trying to enforce these guidelines outside of the Rainych
        Space.

    § 3001. Use of the ":pepeHmmCoffee:" emoji.
    
        3001.1. The pepeHmmCoffee emoji depicts a green Pepe character holding
        a white cup of coffee. You are obliged but not mandated to react to
        any posting of this Terms and Conditions document with the
        aforementioned emoji where it is possible; such as when it is in a
        Discord server or similar communication platform that allows reactions
        with this emoji.

        3001.2. In the event that you attain Discord Nitro, you must use this
        emoji on other servers in copious ammounts while making sure to remain
        in compliance with the server's rules, community guidelines, and the
        Electronic Code of Internet Regulations.

    § 3002. Distribution of this document.

        3002.1. You are encouraged to link to this document or upload it in
        PDF form. If this document is revised, you must link to the latest
        edition of this document.

        3002.2. You must credit RandomFan#3511 as being the sole author of
        the document if you ever link to this.

    § 3003. Rainych Ran's salary.

        3003.1. Rainych Ran’s salary is confidential and leaking
        it publicly without permission shall warrant a violation of
        the anti-doxxing clause and therefore a permanent server
        ban. You also agree that you will not make rumours about
        her salary such as the rumour that over 80% of her entire
        salary is spent on the purchase of cat food.

        3001.2. You also agree that you will not ask about her
        salary and that you will not make any attempt to
        compromise the informational security integrity of her
        bank account, financial accounts, credit/debit cards,
        reciepts, and other documents that serve as records of
        financial activity.

    § 3004. Lyrical content.

        3004.1. Most of the lyrics sang by Rainych Ran have been "cleaned"
        to remove profanities and sexually suggestive content. Rainychville
        makes no guarantee that the lyrics have been censored properly to
        remove profanities.

        3004.2. In the event that you allow your kids or minors under your
        legal parental custody to consume or otherwise enjoy Rainych music,
        you are solely responsible for mitigating any negative influence
        brought upon by potentially unnoticed inappropriate content within
        the lyrics.

    § 3005. Rainych symbolism.

        - Seal inapplicabe due to being a .txt -

        3005.1. The pink seal on this page is the Rainychville Resident
        Badge. A description of the seal is as follows:

            A pink circular seal with the text "RAINYCHVILLE" written on top
            and "RESIDENTS" written at the bottom. The central focal point of
            the image is an anime depiction of Rainych. This anime-style
            depiction is described as a female with purple hair and a black
            ribbon tied in a manner consistent with shoelaces and on top of
            the pink hair a cat with a cyan-green collar, with two eyes whose
            colors are similar to the aforementioned cat, wearing a yellow
            shirt and cyan-green shorts, sitting alongside 2 white pillows
            with two additional cats, one leaning on the female's chest and
            one depicted standjng next to the female's left foot (from her
            perspective) and below the anime depiction the inscription "RV"
            which stands for Rainychville.

        3005.2. The Rainychville Resident Badge can only be used for the sole
        purpose of representing Rainychville and it's Residents (Members).
        Usage of the seal for purposes completely unlinked to Rainychville or
        Rainych shall not be allowed.

    § 3006. Blasting Rainych music out loud in your neighbourhood.

        3006.1. Should you choose to play any music created by Rainych in
        your neighbourhood at high volume, you must comply with all the noise
        laws imposed in your country or jurisdiction.

        3006.2. Rainychville is not responsible for any punishments incurred
        from breaking noise laws while blasting Rainych music out loud.

    § 3007. Treatment of Rainychville Ministers.

        3007.1. Rainychville ministers are people who have pledged USD 20
        monthly to Rainych and therefore recieve good priviliges from Rainych
        and have light-red role colors in the Discord Server.

        3007.2. You must not disrespect Rainychville Ministers or attempt to
        bribe them or cause them to commit any violation of these terms and
        conditions.

    § 3008. Rainych in SCP-3008.

        3008.1. SCP-3008 is an IKEA branch in an unknown location contained
        by the SCP Foundation. SCP-3008-1 is the interior of the IKEA branch
        that spans an infinite length, width, and uncountably high height,
        if any, collectively defined as "SCP-3008".

        3008.2. You agree that to the fullest extent permissible by your
        moral, religious, practical beliefs and the laws of your
        country/jurisdiction/administrative division you will perform any
        action possible to prevent Rainych from entering SCP-3008-1
        intentionally or unintentionally, knowingly.

    § 3009. Commenting on livestreams.

        3009.1. All comments on Rainych livestreams must be respectful at all
        times, and must not violate any clause or provision of the TOS.

        3009.2. If chatting on YouTube at any time, blue wrench users
        (moderators) shall have the right to erase your comment at any time
        and ban you from commenting any further.

    § 3010. Mifflin County Rainychville Airport

        3010.1. The Mifflin County Rainychville Airport (KRVL) is located in
        Pennsylvania. It’s sole 6/24 runway is approximately 5,000 ft long.

        3010.2. You agree that you will deliver a photo of Rainych Ran to
        this airport if you ever come into possession of a general aviation
        aircraft with the range to reach KRVL.
    
    § 3011. Official currency of Rainychville.

        3011.1. Without exception, financial institutions operating within
        the jurisdiction of the Rainychville Government shall accept Months
        of Rainychville Minister (MRM) as a legitimate currency, where 1 MRM
        is defined as being worth 20 United States dollars relative to 2021
        C.E inflation rates.

        3011.2. Should the price of Minister change, the Rainychville Central
        Bank shall move to redefine the currency in an expeditive and quick
        manner to prevent the complete collapse of the Rainychville economy.

======================================================================================================
End of TOS
