[From RandomFan#3511 Rainychville Law Services]
[ECIR 12.1.355.9]




-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

            Rainychville Government

            January 16, 2022 CE

            Rainychville Talents Act

                AN ACT

        To regulate the posting of materials in
        the Rainychville #rv-talents channel.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
SEC 1. SHORT TITLE.
    (1) This act may be cited as the "Rainychville Talents Act".
SEC 2. DEFINITIONS.
    (1) Talent, solely in the context of
        (1) the Rainychville Discord server, specifically the
         #rv-talents channel;
        (2) the process of criticizing, consuming any talent content, or
        establishing the validity of any such recorded content, to establish
        whether it's author may be entitled to rewards for submitted talent,
        whereas rewards are defined in clause 2.2 of this act;
     means any form of entertainment or work entitled to copyright protection,
     where such material:
        (1) is not an image macro, where it is an image containing text,
         where such text may be a 'witty phrase', or catchphrase, regardless
         of whether such text is affixed on the image with humorous intent;
        (2) is not obscene;
        (3) is not illegal to reproduce or consume in any form;
        (4) is original, and not reproduced in a way that may violate any
         copyright except for any work where the concept of 'fair use' may
         apply, where an exception shall be granted for a 'cover' of a
         musical work, or a re-performance of the work where it can be
         considered to be a 'cover';
        (5) does not offend any group of people, or insult them based on
         their protected characteristics.
    (2) Reward means any form of privilege or material good, or title granted
     to a person in exchange for:
        (1) any action performed, where such action either:
            (1) occured in a competition;
            (2) was an act of goodwill towards the Server or any group of
             members; or
        (2) any resource or material; such as the submission of talent.
    (3) Disqualification means to prevent a submission from winning a
     competition, therefore granting no privileges or rewards to their
     authors for the submission of the work.
SEC 3. TALENT SUBMISSION.
    (1) No person, unless such person either:
        (1) is a Patreon of Rainych; or
        (2) has the Tatsu rank of "Rookie" or higher;
     may, at any time, unless an exception is granted submit any form of
     talent to the #rv-talents channel or publish such talent with the
     intent of it being rated by staff or entered into any official talent
     competition organized by the Rainychville Government or any staff.
    (2) If a person is allowed to submit talent, to make such a submission,
     the person shall:
        (1) prepare their talent; and
        (2) present it in a method that is accessible, such as uploading it
         in an accessible file format, such as one of the Recommended Storage
         Formats defined by the United States' Library of Congress [1]; and
        (3) put reasonable effort into the distribution, performance of the
         talent work; and
        (4) affirm that reasonable effort has been put into the manufacture,
         preparation, or creation of the talent; and
        (5) affirm that they are either the sole author of the talent; or
         where such talent has been created with assistance from other people,
         that the submitter is the primary author.
SEC 4. REWARDS FOR TALENT SUBMISSIONS.
    (1) When a talent work:
        (1) has been determined by a judge or group of such judges to be
         of high-enough quality or to be of a desirable attribute;
        (2) meets the sufficient criteria defined in a competition where
         it was submitted per compliance with Section 3.2;
     the author or group of authors of such a work shall be rewarded with a
     Reward; where such Reward either meets the definition of a Reward in
     Section 2.2, or including but not limited to:
        (1) a Patreon tier, where such subscription or the privileges
         of the aforementioned subscription is granted at reduced or no cost
         or conditions to the author where such Patreon tier applies to
         Rainych Ran or any potential person affiliated with the competition;
        (2) a rank in the Rainychville Discord server, where such rank may
         grant the author, including but not limited to:
            (1) a colored name;
            (2) the right to post messages in another channel;
            (3) immunity to restrictions on the frequency of posting
             messages in a channel; or
            (4) extended rights or privileges.
    (2) Before a reward is provided, measures shall be taken to:
        (1) verify the identity of the person recieving the reward to ensure
         that it is the author of a work deemed worthy as per Section 4.1;
        (2) ensure the integrity of the reward being provided, to ensure
         that it cannot be taken away unless required or as part of the
         enforcement of a law.
SEC 5. CHEATING OR DISHONEST BEHAVIOR.
    (1) In the event that there is sufficient evidence to support the
     assertion that:
        (1) A person has dishonestly submitted a talent work, whereas such
         talent work may have been plagiarized wholly or if such plagiarism
         is partial, the size of the portion of the talent work that has
         been plagiarised is enough to constitute copyright infringement and
         therefore not in the scope of "fair use";
        (2) A person has dishonestly influenced the opinion of the judges;
         whether by:
            (1) the act of bribery; or
            (2) the act of threatening violent actions against the family or
             relatives of any judge, or against the judge themself;
     the person, if found guilty:
        (1) shall be prohibited from submitting any more talent material to
         any talent competition, in the Rainychville Government; and
        (2) if any crime was committed during the occurence of such
         dishonest acts, further penalized depending on the crime.
    (2) Where anyone is an accessory to an offense defined by Section 5.1,
     they must be penalized, where the effect of such penalty shall be
     proportional to their role as an accessory to the offense.
    (3) If a judge accepts a bribe from a person to influence their rating
     of a particular submission, that judge shall be stripped of their
     responsibilities and privileges as a judge and barred from making any
     further judgements regarding submissions.
SEC 6. ADVERTISEMENT.
    (1) No talent shall be oriented around the sale of a particular product
     or service; where if it is oriented around such, the intent is
     considered spammy or to sell such product or service.
    (2) If a talent work is construed as being an advertisement, the talent
     work shall be disqualified and the author denied any reward directly
     related to such talent work.
SEC 7. TALENT-SPECIFIC GUIDELINES.
    (1) Where the talent is a moving image or video, the video shall:
        (1) not be considered 'random', such as a video that is a 'meme',
         or is low-quality;
        (2) contain subject matter that may be construed as talent, including
        but not limited to:
            (1) A video of the person covering or performing a
             cover of the song; or
            (2) A 'timelapse' of some action, where 'timelapse' means that
             the video has been sped up significantly, and that the video
             proceeds at a much faster rate than real-time.
SEC 8. ACCESSIBLE FILE FORMATS.
    (1) File formats for any digital copy of a talent may be a Recommended
     Storage Format defined by the United States Library of Congress.
    (2) The Rainychville Government shall have the authority to override
     any file format chosen by the US Library of Congress as a Recommended
     Storage Format with it's own standards or preferences.
    (3) Judges shall be permitted to use conversion tools to convert
     submissions provided in non-accessible file formats to accessible
     formats, and review the submission in their copy of the material in
     the converted format.
    (4) No submission shall be protected by any form of digital rights
     management. In the event that a file's DRM cannot be removed, if the
     author fails to supply a key or method of accessing the content, the
     submission shall be disqualified.
    (5) Should a submission consist of several files, should the author
     choose to send in the submission as an archive or compressed file, the
     archival (concatenation of file contents in a single file, alongside the
     ability to "unzip" or "extract" the file, recreating the original
     content and filesystem hierarchy), or compressed format, the format
     of archival/compression shall be accessible.
    (6) If a submission in a non-accessible file format cannot be accessed
     reliably, due to the attributes of such non-accessible file format, the
     submission shall be disqualified.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
[1] https://www.loc.gov/preservation/resources/rfs/
    
