Rainychville Government                                        5 September 2022

                GENERAL ADVISORY

    Please refrain from suggesting songs usually used in exercise videos,
    especially any song related to running. Do not play Rainych music at
    any marathon or any event that involves running. If Rainych sang an
    exercise song, by the time the premiere ends, Rainych would have had Ran
    away from us.

    Do not make any attempt to get Rainych Ran's phone number. If you feel
    the urge to get her "number", please ask her to choose a number from 1
    to 10. Even if you had her number, you wouldn't be able to contact her
    as there is no Signal in the woods.

    Venturing into a hot area? Purchase bottles of water and listen to
    Rainych Ran's Super Idol cover to stay safe and avoid dying of heat
    stroke. Your ears will appreciate the blessings, and your body will
    appreciate the water. Oh, and actually drink the water.

    There are many ways to make your water safe for consumption.
    
    We prescribe these methods:
    
        - Boil the water! The heat will kill the bacteria in the water so
          you don't die to bacteria and can therefore keep working until
          death to raise enough money for your Minister subscription.
        
        - RECOMMENDED METHOD! Purchase USD 500 dollars worth of expensive
          sound equipment, a water tank and build a room. Cover the walls
          of your room in speakers, place your water tank in the middle
          and put on your ear protection. Double-check that your ear
          protection fits and then, bombard the water with Rainych Ran's
          cover of SUPER IDOL. Guaranteed to heat up the water to 105
          degrees Celsius due to the intense sound!
    
    With the water safety tips out of the way, never hold your pee. Your
    health is more important than watching that Rainych cover. In fact, by
    putting your health first and peeing when your body needs it, you'll be
    keeping your renal circulation working properly.

    And then it's back to Renai Circulation.

    Now, what should you do if Rainych enters your DMs demanding you to do
    something? Here at the Government, the best thing you can do is to
    COMPLY! Comply with Her orders! But why?

    Because Rainych.. Said So and.

    So, you have to comply. Be a nice and obedient sentient being and follow
    her orders. Just don't break the law or the Rainychville TOS while you're
    at it.

    Now, a word from the eye doctors of the Rainychville Government: always
    lower your brightness when you watch Rainych sing a song by The Weeknd in
    the Japanese language, because you never know if you'll be Blinded by the
    Lights coming out of your monitor.

    Anyways. In the event that Rainych becomes a driver for Uber, Grab Taxi or
    any other taxi service, if she is assigned as your driver, make sure to
    get your.. Ride on Time. If you're late, your ride gets cancelled and you
    will never be able to chat with Rainych.

    Well, it would be safer anyway. Rainych would likely drive recklessly
    around the Blind Curves of the road. She'd get a traffic ticket and if
    you're unlucky enough you'll also be brought into the police station for
    investigations.

    Look, just don't get into a car with Rainych. If you desperately need
    transport for your... summertime vacation, try another driver, take
    public transportation or walk there.

    This ends your regularly scheduled advisory from the Rainychville
    Government. Stay safe!

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
